let's see something just occurred to me something just occurred to
me maliciously mischievously mischievously
not
mischievously so that no one takes it the wrong way if they see
this video I discovered this
little toy no it's a little page that
we see What other streamers do
youtubers watch okay streamers it didn't
occur to me watching This okay I was
listening to chocas say this I
've spoken to Mariana a lot I've spoken
a lot well about him man all these
months man because I know he's a good streamer
and because I see him and because I see him okay
so I wanted to come to this little
page that tells you who you see okay
for example we put chocas here and we
see Who sees choca okay choca
mainly sees canekro and I Juan
aibay Rubius Carola macho agent Payo
Ríos ricoy pica-boril okay I see a lot of
people see a lot of people in fact let's
see if it's true that he watches Mariana or not
Mariana has watched him 40 minutes in
his entire life okay Mariano has watched him
40 minutes in  his whole life and the last
time he saw him was October 13,
2022 okay so he's a complete liar
completely dangerous for a change no for a
change he crashes and it occurs to me that we
could gossip a little here to
see who each youtuber watches I've been
checking with my name and yes it's
true that there is a small mismatch here
but of course I understand that the
gossip youtubers We have a total mismatch here
why Because it seems to me that
the one I watch the most is Lin let's see yes it's
true that for example I remember a
day But it was less time ago bro no
6 months ago like around there I don't remember
one day I was watching Selin here
because I was doing irl at noon
in Seville and I was watching her I was
here at the desk eating it came to me
and I say Ah I'm going to see her and I was
here but 3 hours it wasn't even close two
hours 45 was not even close me here what I
imagine would happen would be that I would have
her tab open for
some topic of some gossip that there was
had her and the tab stayed
open Over here in the browser in
one of the windows with one of the
screens or not or here in the background
you know and that counts I imagine that will be
it because for example
here Carlos Life appears to me that this is a guy who
retransmits El Chiringuito or in other words
fraudulently and illegally retransmits
El Chiringuito on Twitch and then he deletes it and
the guy has a root with a thousand or so
viewers and of course I went into his
profile to see who it was but I haven't
been watching the 55 minutes no way
this has to be because I left
his tab open or something like that
La Movida which well here are the ones that
I'm supposed to watch not Uncle Shure it
could be that he's seen two hours of
Uncle Shure in total it could be such 20
minutes seems very little to me
honestly But well for example here you
see amuran no that yes it's true that
maybe I've seen it on some occasion
but you always know that it's for
informational reasons not informational coverage
So for work reasons I mean if I've
seen to move five minutes also
look  you not five minutes neither
needed more No neither am I going to tomorrow
no the thing It's [ __ ] no Let's see who
else comes out Agustín 51 5 minutes Of course this
This is a little crazy no But
well let's see who looks at for
example who do you want to know tell me
cristinini Who cristinini looks at well
above all riot There he goes there Alex el
campo asantutu To loser fruit to magicci to
vectra el Boquerón Carola okay block block
but I don't know I want something more to the
sedative Auro come on auronplay something more
alseante more alseante I don't know how to put it
more auron watches a lot of eBay to Focus to
Beijing polis Paul to Juan guarnizo I mean
basically he sees his friends no Hey 8
pages 8 pages will see auron salsito no
at least on Twitch he won't see uncle Sur
not to one you don't look at the seito on Twitch eh
No I would love if the page
also served to directly see who
sees you wismichu let's see winmichu
come on a lot of comic theme a lot of
comic theme well James I think  who is
Rubius's ex Annilo Ojeda also sees it hereti
but above all I see a lot of
Friki stuff no Stream Marvel the internet of course
the internet or 20 minutes yes the 20
minutes just that it was David Bravo talking
about your lawsuit for schnautter Look
November 17, 2022 nailed it look at the
date of the internet or David Bravo to
see if it was that one, I mean this is fine eh I mean
this I think it's reliable I think
this is quite reliable in fact eh Let's
see tell it to someone else the south let's see
who Uncle Sur watches Let's see, the
gossip channels are that
the gossip channels issue is a little corrupt
because the gossip channel we are
reacting in the live broadcasts to
other users and maybe you will
get metrics here of people who don't know
what I'm saying let's see here instead
of now that he broke up with Gemita no let's
see the gres right now it's a lot of
ibai and I Juan Rivals Mariana sees
chocas for 4 hours she is watching it
done ampiter adone Agustín 51 Álex The
boss [ __ ] Greece sticks all day
being sapping eh I mean watch it watch it
man me the people who have here 21
pages 21 pages 21 pages Vegeta doesn't
count let's see let's see eight come on
Vegeta no he doesn't have an account not on Twitch I
don't understand no eight He looks at his
friends a lot magnetized to auronplay axozer
Rubius minus 13
expelled you have to keep in mind that
this is on Twitch I mean we really don't
know if later on YouTube he watches other
videos that we can't know no guys there's
nothing wrong with Javi looking at Morán
the gossip doesn't happen alone and I only look at it
for reasons of
literally for me to comment I need to
know what I'm talking about then I
probably had to see some
video
let's leave the subject murán can we okay I want I want to
stay married I want I want to
keep sleeping in my
double bed Little Ranger girl Okay well
look The one you watch the most karcher
Uf habitat Librado eh habitat Librado eh
here eh Let's see Abby  I watch a lot. Mostly
content from people who make video games,
not Koi. I also watch a little bit of Prime
Videos. Thegrefg faca el chocas
vanguarnizo paracetamor Ricky Eddie
Arroyo,
well, Abi didn't mess with Ricky Eddy and
me when the thing about what was it that he
said. Javier Iveira always comes out,
the [ __ ] Ricky Eddy, commenting on something, it was
in one of the controversies, it was in one of
the controversies. I just thought of seeing
Selin, Folagor, Al Chostas, Aldrich,
Litt, Ranger back, Kidikanecro, La
Liga. Let's see, it's 16 pages. I'll also
tell you, let's see if I put it here. He was
watching Antonio on
November 11th. November 11th was the
last time he was watching a live stream
of Antonio's, at least from his account,
eh, 55 minutes. He saw it, eh, 55 minutes. Let's
see who you're asking me for, Alicia,
but Lizzi el Easy won't consume
anything. The last person who saw
Lisi was Adala on November 27th, that
is, since the  November 27th Lizzi doesn't
go on Twitch and has seen people here
that I don't know who they are, they are like very
foreigners, the people who see Lizy have
seen on Isaacter that don't know anyone like
Kuma Look let's see who sees
Cuma Akuma Girl the last one she saw
like this James on December 9th and the one she
sees the most is Dallas, I mean, they have both Akuma and
Dallas in common they are the ones who
see each other the most okay the last
day that Akuma saw Dallas watch out
with the gossip because this is long
after all that no the last
day that Akuma saw Dallas was
November 18th Well I don't know if it was after
the gossip eh more or less around there he was
more or less here Ojeda we have said rooms the
one he had seen the most 20 hours was
Akuma but of course it tells me here that the
last time he saw her the last time he
looked at her was August 8th, I mean
cassette eh come on let's see ads
here on consume well especially them
Juan Aljuste to Skye  to Boquerón to ibai to
chocas well here to Who did he believe and not to
Felipe 360 ​​amuran 35 minutes avisanuk a did
n't say 35 minutes to burán Eye eh
eye that's how he has the skin on his face that's how
Gepetto has the guy tougher than
you Javi well there it's also true There
my Sandy has surpassed me Well
who you see the most is Chocas I mean look at
you the girl who criticized me eh For
messing with anyone and who the most times to
Chocas who you see the most is Chocas dude they
value poli Paul I mean no
video game content and stuff Ricky Eddy
also watches Ricky Eddy Alex El capo I
love it because maybe we can
find things around here not like me I
know salsa no Fran cuesta let's
see who Franco watches there Frank cuesta with a
lot of salsa No well look Fran cuesta
the last one he's been watching is
ainfoblaver but above all he watches utbh dude
sur ibai can you believe that tinini Frank
[ __ ] has won to  lanús Frank two hours
almost three Fran the mother who gave birth to you
Fran but if you see her more than me it
's because I'm still here I haven't appeared
at Dallas he's seen it for almost 3 hours to
be yuki Frank Look Javier was going to go in
an hour in 15 minutes the bastard has seen me for
an hour and 15 minutes he has
seen me the bastard let's see but oh well
this What is Fran man have you seen more eh
the Roma Gallardo it serves me Ari Gameplay
gonzavela what about gonzavela if he had
told him on some occasion eh he
said let's see let's see Alfa Sniper Well
alphabet by Greg clashes auronplay and
peter amuran and I, what a fabric buran eh 50
minutes In the end let's see amuran my daughter
here we are discovering many little things
it's that there is not one in which Mulan does not appear,
nothing special no Paracetamol
pockstarter magicci okay here you
told me to look Ah me Juan No well and I
Juan goes to YouTube and goes and clashes canecro
the Boquerón his friends  basically no let's
see it has nine pages too I tell you
eh Not even the Geda Rubius I internet Well
more or less what we expected no
Jenny
Carola
princess auronplay let's see I think we
could directly check no
because I think that is what interests us to
know we are not going to check Who is
come on Murat I think that would not be the
most logical thing I was not going and come on let's look for
ibai look and Wow he has been watching
thegrefg today and wow I have been watching
Greg's live today on the subject of the
controversy and who you most like is lvp and
auronplay okay But look and he goes and starts
watching all his friends basically
Gerard Romero Rebe the Sprint mixel
It would be good man It would be good too
Look at uncle sur and he goes and sees uncle sur He
has seen it for an hour okay It would be good
too man Because I can put here
Who sees you know what I'm telling you I mean not who they
see or rather the opposite you
understand me that I go into enable and
the list of Who sees Javier comes up
that would have been good man that would have been
good  there is surely
some option and I don't know it eh momo the
annual cocumanche dynasty is a
moderator Ricky bruneger shotgun
Johnson Juan guarnizo would not be Juan s
guarnizo Well look above all go to
Virginia auronplay to Focus to Ari
Gameplays to polisen to the Sprint the Death
gres Norman reborn race River Mariana
uncle Sur almost all Come to uncle Sur it is that of
course we are talking about Twitch What
content on Twitch man is that I don't watch
content on twist I do not consume the
platform the most logical thing I see is that
you see things on YouTube that are not
amajichi Javi so that it surprises you
because I am going to be surprised magicci
has seen eight hours of amuran 8 hours
Hey magicci in 8 hours you can't see it you can't
tell me no what he told no no
in 8 hours at most the
mural gossip was an hour what
the girl was talking about Eh go and what
auronplay because magnets continued and I
Juan shadownle Hey there that amura now
I am understanding that she is a millionaire eh
A  see the truth is that she is very pretty edurney
Soldier let's see how you would spell
Chío uyuni just see I see that
name a lot on Twitter but I don't know who it is
come one more and we'll go gemita lives
with Greg Yes she is still seeing Greg she saw him for 25
minutes on Wednesday December 7th but oh
well there's nothing wrong with it no Agustín
51 Well let's see if you don't see the seo let's
see uncle Sur who is the one they see no no uncle
Sur no cell either if I see Javier I'll
fall on my back here No either no no
here at least you don't see the
traveling ceo Look at you them Juan man man
let's see amuran
[Music]
of people damn I'm going to be yuki to Mulan
has been watching Star yuki for a
day and 20 minutes Let's see let's see if
Spanish comes out Look Ari Gameplays has seen
Ari Gameplay hammulan
quite complicated for someone known to come out Here
eh or doesn't see them Juan
doesn't see them Juan come one more and we
'll hit the nail on the head come on hit the
nail such is the field Alex The  capo go to the
chucha Felipe to canekro chuzo Oh yo Juan
Álex The capo ate the Chío live from
August 6th, it more or less matches
the date, you can check
this Chío live. Well, in August you
can check it because he
watched it for 35 minutes, 35 minutes, family.
Thank you so much, I don't understand how there are
2000 people here at 6 in the morning
and we're here fooling around and they keep
watching us. Thank you so much to everyone, I send you
a huge hug and see you
tomorrow.
[Music]